hi it's me Lucas again and I'm here to
talk about this beautiful negative edge
pool remodel these clients only about a
year and a half ago and think bill built
the pool initially and they've tried to
find someone to create a natural
environment and they gave up hope and so
they got the one wish they got the
negative edge pool the only thing is the
designer of the initial pool didn't
think about matching the color of the
pool with the water that appears to be
flowing into so part of the redesign of
this negative edge pool was to do a dark
crystal stone interior finish so that it
matches the dark water behind it also
basically all they were looking at with
some some concrete columns and a small
negative edge into the bay behind them
and it didn't give them any kind of
atmosphere what we've done here is we've
we've framed the view with two beautiful
waterfalls and a negative edge where the
water matches perfectly the water color
of the base so now it appears that it's
all of one big body of water praying by
two beautiful mountain streams that come
down into the water and this was just a
really exciting job to see the
transformation happening another thing
that really affected the view of the
effect of the negative edge was they had
it all cut up with with the screen cage
and what we did was we raised the one
bar that has to be there up above your
views so you don't see it and the the
horizontal bar and then the vertical we
kept from there up that whereas before
it came all the way down and split your
view in half so it before it really
didn't look natural at all because what
kind of body of water has a piece of
aluminum sticking right up through it
right so now you got this perfect
picture frame right here just framing
the view it's just
much nicer cleaner effect most people
come home and they feel stressed out and
I just look forward to that one vacation
they get a year well not my clients my
clients come home everyday and get that
daily relaxation and they love coming
home in fact they say when they go on
vacation they can't wait to get home
because nothing is like I've been to
Lucas Lagoon because it's custom-built
to what you want and what you need for
yourself your family your friends so
come along for the journey
sign up be a VIP email and I'll send my
videos straight to you enjoy watching
because I know that I enjoy building see
you then